[Docs] Add central config and update IncludeScopes (#411)
elastic/elastic-otel-dotnet: docs/reference/edot-dotnet/configuration.md

| Environment variable | `ELASTIC_OTEL_SKIP_ASSEMBLY_SCANNING` |
| `IConfiguration` integration | `Elastic:OpenTelemetry:SkipInstrumentationAssemblyScanning` |

#### `OpAmpEndpoint`

* Type: String
* Default: `string.Empty`

> The OpAMP server endpoint used for [central configuration](#central-configuration). When set, EDOT .NET connects to the specified endpoint to receive remote configuration updates. Setting this option also requires a service name. EDOT .NET resolves the service name from `OTEL_SERVICE_NAME` first; if that is not set, it falls back to the `service.name` key within `OTEL_RESOURCE_ATTRIBUTES`. If neither is configured, central configuration is silently disabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The OpAMP server endpoint used for [central configuration](#central-configuration). When set, EDOT .NET connects to the specified endpoint to receive remote configuration updates. Setting this option also requires a service name. EDOT .NET resolves the service name from `OTEL_SERVICE_NAME` first; if that is not set, it falls back to the `service.name` key within `OTEL_RESOURCE_ATTRIBUTES`. If neither is configured, central configuration is silently deactivated.
```

Signal-specific variants are also supported: `OTEL_EXPORTER_OTLP_{TRACES,METRICS,LOGS}_CERTIFICATE`, `OTEL_EXPORTER_OTLP_{TRACES,METRICS,LOGS}_CLIENT_CERTIFICATE`, and `OTEL_EXPORTER_OTLP_{TRACES,METRICS,LOGS}_CLIENT_KEY`.

:::{note}
HTTPS endpoints are supported for the OpAMP connection used by [central configuration](#central-configuration). Custom certificate verification and mutual TLS (mTLS) for the OpAMP endpoint are not yet available.
:::

## Central configuration

> Central configuration allows you to manage EDOT .NET settings remotely without redeploying. When enabled, EDOT .NET connects to an OpAMP-compatible server (the EDOT Collector configured with the Elastic APM Config Extension) and receives configuration at startup from Elastic Observability.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Central configuration allows you to manage EDOT .NET settings remotely without redeploying. When turned on, EDOT .NET connects to an OpAMP-compatible server (the EDOT Collector configured with the Elastic APM Config Extension) and receives configuration at startup from Elastic Observability.
```

Central configuration takes precedence over all other configuration sources (environment variables and `IConfiguration`). When a remote value is removed, the locally configured value is restored on the next agent startup.

### Activation

> To enable central configuration, set the OpAMP server endpoint using one of the following methods:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To turn on the central configuration, set the OpAMP server endpoint using one of the following methods:
```

```

**`IConfiguration` (for example, `appsettings.json`):**

```json
{
  "Elastic": {
    "OpenTelemetry": {
      "OpAmpEndpoint": "http://your-collector:4320/v1/opamp"
    }
  }
}
```

**Code:**

```csharp
var options = new ElasticOpenTelemetryOptions
{
    OpAmpClientOptions = new OpAmpClientOptions
    {
        Endpoint = "http://your-collector:4320/v1/opamp"
    }
};
```

Central configuration also requires a service name so that EDOT .NET can identify itself to the OpAMP server. EDOT .NET resolves the service name in the following order:

1. `OTEL_SERVICE_NAME` environment variable (or the same key in `IConfiguration`)
2. The `service.name` key within `OTEL_RESOURCE_ATTRIBUTES` (used as a fallback if `OTEL_SERVICE_NAME` is not set)

For example, using `OTEL_SERVICE_NAME`:

```sh
export OTEL_SERVICE_NAME=my-service
```

```powershell
$env:OTEL_SERVICE_NAME = "my-service"
```

Or embedding it in the resource attributes:

```sh
export OTEL_RESOURCE_ATTRIBUTES="service.name=my-service,service.version=1.0.0"
```

```powershell
$env:OTEL_RESOURCE_ATTRIBUTES = "service.name=my-service,service.version=1.0.0"
```

> If neither is configured, central configuration is silently disabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If neither is configured, central configuration is silently deactivated.
```

To pass authentication credentials to the OpAMP server, set the headers option alongside the endpoint:

```sh
export ELASTIC_OTEL_OPAMP_HEADERS="Authorization=Bearer <token>"
```

```powershell
$env:ELASTIC_OTEL_OPAMP_HEADERS = "Authorization=Bearer <token>"
```

### TLS

HTTPS endpoints are supported for the OpAMP connection. Custom certificate verification and mutual TLS (mTLS) for the OpAMP endpoint are not yet available.

### Remotely configurable settings

> The following settings can be changed through central configuration without restarting your application:

Author: Fixed
